docs: add new website using Astro Starlight (#5246)
mochajs/mocha: docs-next/src/content/docs/interfaces/require.mdx

> ---
> description: The QUnit test interface for Mocha.
> title: QUnit
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
description: The require interface for Mocha.
title: Require
---
```
